Ladies and gentlemen, the first general election of the current election is about to take place.
The government has no right to judge the nationality of the new election,
but has accepted the urgent need to measure the iron ore of the cabinet,
and has created a disbandment of the parliament.
The cabinet was established in April last year.
In the future, we will take care of the situation in the country,
and will establish a clean and tidy mess,
and will calm the unrest of the parliament,
and will eliminate the worries of the people,
and will also maintain the rights and interests of the empire
and the interests of the capital city of China.
At the same time, in order to implement the establishment of a new industrial country,
regional documents, and the implementation of the foundation,
each cabinet has made a plan.
The government will work to bring peace to the world,
and will not let the national security be shaken.
However, we will look back at the current situation of the world and the empire,
and will put the focus of foreign policy on the food and drink industries.
The current situation is that the government is trying to increase the number of people
in the country by increasing the number of people
in the area of economic and trade.
I believe that this is the reason why the spirit of the era
and the people's lives are really suitable for the people.
From the outside, first, we have established the foundation of small and medium-sized enterprises,
and we have planned the facilities in each aspect
to help the activities of each businessman who are committed to their businesses,
and to enhance their ability.
We have also established a proper development policy for the fishing village and the mountain village,
and we have paid careful consideration for the self-made industry
and have developed a fundamental solution.
In addition, we have prepared other financial conditions
to help the free activities of the fishing village and the development of the fishing village.